All right guys we have a very special algorithm.
This is you you wouldn't know this unless I told you but this is actually algorithm one hundred.
So we have made it on my end to recording all of the algorithms.
It took a minute.
It really did.
So our objective here is we want to flatten a nested array.
We don't care how nested it is.
So what does it mean.
Well taking our steamroller right here I'm probably and change just flatten but oh we'll roasting we're
all ready.
But you'll see that we have all these nested arrays.
All we really want are the values in them where they can be you know steam roller one raid to try and
get one two three four.
I will say that I believe there is a function that is sort of an alpha development called Fly and that
will do this.
That's not the objective here.
We're not trying to you fine.
So if you can figure out how to solve this without having to use that in here we have it right and pushes
your hands.
These are some of the methods I use to solve it.
All right so the way that I saw this was I created a Conte's variable called one array or combined.
I called it one right got really shit the bed on this name right here will go with one array and initialize
this to an empty array.
Then I defined a function within here called flatten and flatten will take in an array.
So the array and any array
and what we're going to do is we're going to recursively call Flaten like so.
So we'll have something like Flaten and I'll take an R R and I will perform all we needed to do.
Now if line fails it's no longer recursive we just go ahead and return one.
Right.
So what we need to do is with that flatten array we're going to pass and we're going to use what's called
recursion.
So a little brief background on recursion for those of you who aren't familiar recursion essentially
is calling a function within itself calling calling out and we don't have to use Flaten like this week.
I thought it was a little bit more clean to break it out but we're actually just calling Flanery again
and again and again and again until it until we exit out of it.
So recursion is the act of repeating a function within itself until you don't need it anymore.
And so that's recursion a very brief run their recursion but it Zorg news with this value that we're
going to pass in we're going to iterate through each of the values here.
And this is how we're going to fire off or Herscher when we first launch to hit Flann and then within
here we're going you're going to see a little bit better example this is in.
But what's in here will be recursion.
And so we're going to have an if statement says look if there's an array array that is array.
This again checks to make sure that it's an array we can't check the type of it because object comes
back for not a number it comes back for an object also goes back for an array.
So array that is array.
If that element is an array we want to go ahead and call Flaten on on the the element
now if it's not
we just want to go ahead and push those values.
So take Flaten and we'll take one re push that element.
So we're constantly modifying that element constantly modifying the one array or just continually calling
flying right here or pushing to this every other way that we could have done this using enclosure we'd
still be using recursion that would work.
Know it's like I forget third my test case is so sloppy on number 100 but let me go ahead and throw
that up real quick.
All right so you see everything is working here.
So SQL logic warmer tanks I don't know if I've done any recursion algorithms I tend to try and avoid
it because I think most time you could solve problems without it.
But so were iterating through the array.
And if it is an array we want to then flatten the array.
What that means is we're going to then call this function on the element we're passing and which is
an array.
At this point it's an array.
At this point it's a value.
And if that's the case we're going to go in and nice check until it finally hit somebody and not an
array.
And then we're going to push that value to our one array.
And then when it's done entering through that I'll continue iterating through the other options.
Doesn't stop it it just continues on a different path until it finally has no paths other than to return
the one value.
So those are our recursions solution.